Add readme (#10)
chainstack/graph-deployment: README.md

# This repo contains IaaC for deploying The Graph indexer to existing k8s cluster.
Current status of all IaaC components in this repo should be considered as *alpha* for now.

> We not guarantee that charts/e.t.c wouldn't have major breaking changes until stabilization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We don't guarantee that charts won't have major breaking changes until the early stage of the development is done.
```

> Also this repo could be split in future to separate terraform and charts repos.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also this repo could be split into separate terraform and charts repos in future.
```

## Helm Charts

> Currently implemented 3 helm charts (can be found in `charts` directory):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently 3 helm charts are implemented (see `charts` directory):
```

* graphprotocol-node - deploys graphprotocol index and query nodes
* graphprotocol-indexer-agent - deploys graphprotocol indexer agent
* graphprotocol-indexer-service - deploys graphprotocol indexer agent

## Helmfile
For now we are using helmfile to deploy charts to test environment.

> All values files that used for our testenv (configured to work with The Graph testnet) lives in `values` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All values files that used for our testenv (configured to work with The Graph testnet) live in `values` directory.
```

There's:

> * `<name>.yaml` - files containing common configuration options

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `<name>.yaml` - contains common configuration options
```

> * `<name>.secret.example.yaml` - files containing structure of sensitive configuration options. You need to copy example files removing `.example` from name and fill configuration options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `<name>.secret.example.yaml` - contain sensitive configuration options. You need to copy example files, remove `.example` from name and fill in the configuration options.
```

Currently we have 3 external dependencies for our installation:

> * Ethereum archival node (rinkeby for testnet)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Ethereum archive node (rinkeby for testnet)
```
